Add basic instructions to readme file (#35)
ankemt/MEAanalysis: README.md

devtools::install_github("ankemt/MEAanalysis")
```

## Getting started

> The MEAanalysis package is under active development. Currently, it can be used to create a tidy data object that aggregates data from baseline and exposure neural metrics files that are output files of the MEA device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package is under active development. Currently, it can be used to create a tidy data object that aggregates data from baseline and exposure neural metrics output files.
```

### Step 1: create an inputfile with the experimental design

This can be done with the following function:

``` r
MEAanalysis::exp_design()
```

This call prompts a few questions: first, the date of the experiment and the experiment ID. 
For example, the experiment `TestExperiment` done on October 3rd 2020:

> ``` r

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
```

What is the date of the experiment? (YYYYMMDD) 20201003
What is the experiment ID? TestExperiment
```

Then, you can add well ranges for the different experimental conditions.
For example, here is how to add a range of wells for the control:

> ``` r

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
```

What is the experimental condition? control
In what direction ('LR' for left-to-right or 'TB' for top-to-bottom) is the sequence of wells? TB
What is the first well in this category? (e.g.: A1) A1
What is the last well in this category? (e.g.: F8) B2
Do you want to add another group? (y/n) n
```

This generates the file `design.txt` saved in the current working directory, with the following content:
```
Date: 20201003
ExperimentID: TestExperiment
Total_wells: 48
Groups:
control: A1 B1 C1 D1 E1 F1 A2 B2
```

> This file can of course also be generated and edited by hand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This file can of course also be generated and edited by hand. At the moment the well range functionality only works for 48 well plates. If your input uses a different plate format the design file should be edited by hand.
```
